1- What I wanted to accomplish while building this system is to have a system which respond quickly to the switch interrupt without using    polling as it takes many cycles for checking if the switch is pressed or not and also not using a long interrupt handler which will        cause system errors when handling with other interrupts so I want to build this system using RTOS as it respond quickly with no           problems with other tasks.

2- On building any system there are process you should follow it which are:
    1-	Analyze the requirements and make the high level design.
    2-	Design the system by determining the target and which peripherals I am going to work with.
    3-	Start to implement my thoughts.
    4-	Test each part in the code and verify it.
    5-	Test the whole system together.

3- My experience:
  I have a great experience in C as well as working on Atmega32 also I have a little experience working on Tiva C.

4- What mainly should be tested?
    1-	For each press the led should turn off or turn on depend on its previous state.
    2-	The led states “on” and “off” represented correctly on the monitor.
    3-	The “pressed” is seen on the monitor only when the switch is pressed and disappears when the switch is released.
    4-	The conversion of digital signal generated by the ADC represents the measured temperature.
    5-	The data is sent in 3 seconds rate.

5- Simulation:
   I used Proteus 7.7 to test the application, you will found the schematic for the switch, LCD and the led also you will find the hex        file in "Simulation" folder.


